DOCS-4776 ASM Serverless beta docs (#17019)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/getting_started/serverless.md

2. Set up ASM instrumentation via the serverless plugin or manually setting the ARN.
3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.
4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

## Prerequisites

- [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog (can't use X-Ray integration).

## Get started

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

The [Datadog Serverless plugin][1] automatically configures your functions to send metrics, traces, and logs to Datadog through the [Datadog Lambda Extension][2].

To install and configure the Datadog Serverless plugin:

1. Install the Datadog Serverless plugin:
   ```sh
   serverless plugin install --name serverless-plugin-datadog
   ```
2. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENTATION:
     environment:
       DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true

>    ```

Reviewer: Add a section for Node and Python environment variables:

For **Node or Python** functions only, please add:
```yaml
    environment:
        DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
```

     # arm64-based Lambda  in AWS GovCloud regions
     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet-ARM:6
     ```
2. Install the Datadog Lambda Extension by configuring the layers for your Lambda function using the ARN in one of the following formats. Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region such as `us-east-1`:
   ```sh
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   ```

3. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENTATION:
     environment:
       DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true

>    ```

Reviewer: Add a section for Node and Python environment variables:

For **Node or Python** functions only, please add:
```yaml
    environment:
        DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
```

---
title: AWS Lambda Getting Started with ASM
kind: documentation
is_beta: true
code_lang: serverless
type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 90
further_reading:
    - link: "/security/application_security/how-appsec-works/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "How Application Security Works"
    - link: "/security/default_rules/#cat-application-security"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "OOTB Application Security Management Rules"
    - link: "/security/application_security/troubleshooting"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Management"
    - link: "/security/application_security/threats/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Application Threat Monitoring and Protection"
    - link: "/security/application_security/risk_management/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Application Risk Management"
---

> {{< callout url="#" header="ASM support for AWS Lambda is in beta" btn_hidden="true" >}}

Reviewer: This note formatting is different than the one for Risk Management. Should we re-use the same format so it's standard everywhere?

Reviewer: https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/application_security/risk_management/

>   Threat detection is done by using the Lambda extension.

Reviewer: Above this, insert a note to link to the Compatibility section so customers can double check they're using the intended capabilities

Text should be "Please take a look at the [Compatibility page](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/kari/docs-4776-asm-serverless/security/application_security/threats/setup_and_configure/#compatibility) for what ASM supports for AWS Lambda"

{{< /callout >}}

You can monitor your functions running in AWS Lambda with Datadog Application Security Management (ASM). 

In general, setting up ASM for AWS Lambda involves:

> 1. Identifying functions that are vulnerable or are under attack, which would most benefit from ASM. Find them on [the Security tab of your Service Catalog][1].

Reviewer: The link should point to the Security tab in the Service Catalog - https://app.datadoghq.com/services?env=prod&hostGroup=%2A&lens=Security

2. Set up ASM instrumentation via the serverless plugin or manually setting the ARN.
3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.
4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

## Prerequisites

> - [Serverless APM][2] is configured to send traces directly to Datadog (can’t use X-Ray integration) 

Reviewer: Let's make this more explicit

"- [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog (can’t use X-Ray integration)"

type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 90
further_reading:
    - link: "/security/application_security/how-appsec-works/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "How Application Security Works"
    - link: "/security/default_rules/#cat-application-security"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "OOTB Application Security Management Rules"
    - link: "/security/application_security/troubleshooting"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Management"
    - link: "/security/application_security/threats/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Application Threat Monitoring and Protection"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">ASM support for AWS Lambda is in beta. Threat detection is done by using the Lambda extension.</div>

You can monitor your functions running in AWS Lambda with Datadog Application Security Management (ASM). See [Setup and Configure][4] for information about what ASM features are supported for serverless functions.

In general, setting up ASM for AWS Lambda involves:

1. Identifying functions that are vulnerable or are under attack, which would most benefit from ASM. Find them on [the Security tab of your Service Catalog][1].

> 2. Set up ASM instrumentation via the serverless plugin or manually setting the ARN.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Setting up ASM instrumentation by using the [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][6] or manually setting the ARN.
```

3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.
4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

## Prerequisites

- [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog (can't use X-Ray integration).

## Get started

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

The [Datadog Serverless plugin][1] automatically configures your functions to send metrics, traces, and logs to Datadog through the [Datadog Lambda Extension][2].

> To install and configure the Datadog Serverless plugin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install and configure the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:
```

> 1. Install the Datadog Serverless plugin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:
```

   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true
   ```
   For **NodeJS or Python functions** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
   ```
3. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [ASM views][3].

[1]: /serverless/serverless_integrations/plugin
[2]: /serverless/libraries_integrations/extension
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec?column=time&order=desc

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Custom" %}}

1. Install the Datadog tracer:
   - **Java**: [Configure the layers][1] for your Lambda function using the ARN in one of the following formats, depending on where your Lambda is deployed. Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region such as `us-east-1`:
     ```sh
     # In AWS commercial regions
     arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:dd-trace-java:8
     # In AWS GovCloud regions
     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-java:8
     ```

>    - **Go**: The Go tracer doesn't rely on a layer and is a regular Go module. You you can upgrade to its latest version with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Go**: The Go tracer doesn't rely on a layer and is a regular Go module. You can upgrade to its latest version with:
```

   # x86-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   ```

3. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true
   ```
   For **NodeJS or Python functions** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
   ```
4. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [ASM views][3].

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec?column=time&order=desc

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> To see Application Security Management threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application. For example, with an HTTP header with value `acunetix-product` to trigger a [security scanner attack][5] attempt:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see Application Security Management threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application. For example, send an HTTP header with value `acunetix-product` to trigger a [security scanner attack][5] attempt:
```

   ```sh
   curl -H 'My-ASM-Test-Header: acunetix-product' https://your-application-url/existing-route
   ```
A few minutes after you enable your application and exercise it, **threat information appears in the [Application Signals Explorer][3]**.

{{< img src="/security/application_security/application-security-signal.png" alt="Security Signal details page showing tags, metrics, suggested next steps, and attacker IP addresses associated with a threat." style="width:100%;" >}}

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/services?env=prod&hostGroup=%2A&lens=Security
[2]: /serverless/distributed_tracing/?tab=python
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec
[4]: /security/application_security/threats/setup_and_configure/?code-lang=serverless

> [5]: /security/default_rules/security-scan-detected/

Author: ```suggestion
[5]: /security/default_rules/security-scan-detected/
[6]: /serverless/libraries_integrations/plugin/
```

      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Management"
    - link: "/security/application_security/threats/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Application Threat Monitoring and Protection"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">ASM support for AWS Lambda is in beta. Threat detection is done by using the Lambda extension.</div>

You can monitor your functions running in AWS Lambda with Datadog Application Security Management (ASM). See [Setup and Configure][4] for information about what ASM features are supported for serverless functions.

In general, setting up ASM for AWS Lambda involves:

1. Identifying functions that are vulnerable or are under attack, which would most benefit from ASM. Find them on [the Security tab of your Service Catalog][1].
2. Setting up ASM instrumentation by using the [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][6] or manually setting the ARN.
3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.
4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

## Prerequisites

> - [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog (can't use X-Ray integration).

Author: ```suggestion
- [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog. The X-Ray integration for sending trace data to APM does not support the data ASM needs to monitor functions.
```

## Get started

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

The [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][1] automatically configures your functions to send metrics, traces, and logs to Datadog through the [Datadog Lambda Extension][2].

To install and configure the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:

1. Install the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:
   ```sh
   serverless plugin install --name serverless-plugin-datadog
   ```
2. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true
   ```
   For **NodeJS or Python functions** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:

>      DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
     AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER: /opt/datadog_wrapper
```

     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet-ARM:6
     ```
2. Install the Datadog Lambda Extension by configuring the layers for your Lambda function using the ARN in one of the following formats. Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region such as `us-east-1`:
   ```sh
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   ```

3. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true
   ```
   For **NodeJS or Python functions** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:

>      DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
     AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER: /opt/datadog_wrapper
```

2. Set up ASM instrumentation via the serverless plugin or manually setting the ARN.
3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.
4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

## Prerequisites

- [Serverless APM][2] is configured on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog (can't use X-Ray integration).

## Get started

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

The [Datadog Serverless plugin][1] automatically configures your functions to send metrics, traces, and logs to Datadog through the [Datadog Lambda Extension][2].

To install and configure the Datadog Serverless plugin:

1. Install the Datadog Serverless plugin:
   ```sh
   serverless plugin install --name serverless-plugin-datadog
   ```
2. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml

>    DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENTATION:

Reviewer: Extra line here, we can delete this

     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet:6
     # arm64-based Lambda  in AWS GovCloud regions
     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet-ARM:6
     ```
2. Install the Datadog Lambda Extension by configuring the layers for your Lambda function using the ARN in one of the following formats. Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region such as `us-east-1`:
   ```sh
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   ```

3. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml

>    DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENTATION:

Reviewer: Delete this line as well

type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 90
further_reading:
    - link: "/security/application_security/how-appsec-works/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "How Application Security Works"
    - link: "/security/default_rules/#cat-application-security"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "OOTB Application Security Management Rules"
    - link: "/security/application_security/troubleshooting"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Management"
    - link: "/security/application_security/threats/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Application Threat Monitoring and Protection"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">ASM support for AWS Lambda is in beta. Threat detection is done by using the Lambda extension.</div>

You can monitor your functions running in AWS Lambda with Datadog Application Security Management (ASM). See [Setup and Configure][4] for information about what ASM features are supported for serverless functions.

In general, setting up ASM for AWS Lambda involves:

1. Identifying functions that are vulnerable or are under attack, which would most benefit from ASM. Find them on [the Security tab of your Service Catalog][1].

> 2. Setting up ASM instrumentation by using the [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][6] or manually setting the ARN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Setting up ASM instrumentation by using the [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][6] or manually setting the different layers.
```

3. Enabling the library to collect the application security data from the functions and send it to Datadog.

> 4. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.
```

     arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:dd-trace-dotnet:6
     # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
     arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:dd-trace-dotnet-ARM:6
     # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet:6
     # arm64-based Lambda  in AWS GovCloud regions
     arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-dotnet-ARM:6
     ```
2. Install the Datadog Lambda Extension by configuring the layers for your Lambda function using the ARN in one of the following formats. Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region such as `us-east-1`:
   ```sh
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS commercial regions
   arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   # x86-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:36
   # arm64-based Lambda in AWS GovCloud regions
   arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:36
   ```

> 3. Enable ASM by updating your `serverless.yml` (or whichever way you set environment variables for your function):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Enable ASM by adding the following environment variables on your function deployment:
```

   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```
   For **Go functions only** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_UNIVERSAL_INSTRUMENATION: true
   ```
   For **NodeJS or Python functions** also add:
   ```yaml
   environment:
     DD_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLE_PROXY: true
     AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER: /opt/datadog_wrapper
   ```
4. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [ASM views][3].

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec?column=time&order=desc

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

To see Application Security Management threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application. For example, send an HTTP header with value `acunetix-product` to trigger a [security scanner attack][5] attempt:
   ```sh

>    curl -H 'My-ASM-Test-Header: acunetix-product' https://your-application-url/existing-route

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   curl -H 'My-ASM-Test-Header: acunetix-product' https://your-function-url/existing-route
```
